we must now select my successor man to
tell me well man the opposition will
accept he stands for one thing and one
thing only himself why have I been
forced to send for ChaCha
his record is a catastrophe let me see
your true qualities do you lack of
vanity will your sense of humor
oh-ho-ho your majesty it is my duty to
invite you to take up the position of
prime minister of this United Kingdom
I've speak to you for the first time as
Prime Minister the Germans have
encircled sixteen British and French
divisions we are looking at the collapse
of Western Europe with the next few days
how long have they got if we don't
rescue them maybe two days we would need
a miracle to get our men out the full
weight of the world on your shoulders
we're facing certain defeat on land the
annihilation of our army and imminent
invasion we must negotiate peace talks
you cannot reason with a tiger when your
head is in its mouth nonsense the only
slippery slope - stop interrupting me
while I am interrupting you we have
before us many many long months of
struggle and suffering even though many
old and famous states have fallen into
the drip with the now sin defense
recent fight on the beaches we shall
fight on the landing grounds we shall
fight in the fields and in the streets
we shall fight in the Hills we shall
never
victory there can be no survival